Rules

1. Servers should send full snapshots to clients after:
	A. First Connection
	B. Serious packet loss

2. Servers should send a Delta Snapshot to clients from their last acknowledged state and current snapshot state

3. Servers should simulate their world at the same rate the client samples input 30 or 60 fps

4. Servers should send snapshots at a set interval such as 20 ticks per second

5. Servers should clone their snapshot each send and store them in a history

6. Servers should only store their network history until all clients have acknowledged them

7. Clients should sample input at the same rate as the server's simulation, 30 or 60 fps

8. Clients should interpret input into "Commands" and stored in a queue to be sent

9. Clients should send their CommandQueue at a set interval such as 20 ticks per second

10. Clients should immediately obey their own commands assuming they are correct

11. Clients should render all entities not controlled by their Commands at a position
	that is at an historic interpolation position

12. Clients historic render time should be based on their Ping time to the server

13. Clients should render the position of the entity based on an interpolation between the two snapshots
	they have received historically that wrap the historic render time
	
14. Servers should compensate lag for realtime commands by moving all effectable entites back to a historic
	period that the command was executed
	
15. Servers will determine command execution time by:
	Command Execution Time = Current Server Time - Packet Latency - Client View Interpolation
	
16. Servers will calculate the realtime command against all entities at the Command Execution Time
	to apply command as the client expected
	
17. Clients will extrapolate positions for entities if no packets wrap the historic render time

18. Clients will freeze positions for entities that have extrapolated longer than .25 seconds

19. Servers and clients will run the same exact code when clients simulate commands and srevers run commands

NOTE:
	For Client Commands that create objects:
		- Create a new temporary object for that item on the client
		  and mark it as temporary but simulate it instantly like other inputs
		- The command will also be sent to the server so the item can be created (on command packets)
		- The server will send a snapshot with the new Full item data back to the client (on snapshot packets)
		- The client deletes all temporary objects when a new snapshot appears as the new
		  snapshot will contain the real new object with this logic:
		  
		  On Snapshot update:
			for each object
				if object is temporary
					if object temporary timestamp > server ping time
						delete


						
						
						
						
Server
	
	CONCRETE ITEMS					TEMP MODIFIERS

	World Guns:	[ 1, 2, 3 ]			[]
	Player Guns:[4]					[]
	Inventory:	10					0

	
	
Client v1

	CONCRETE ITEMS					TEMP MODIFIERS
	
	World Guns:	[ 1, 2, 3 ]			[4]
	PlayerGuns: [4]					[]
	Inventory:	10					-1
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						